I am 36 years old and
I have cerebral palsy.
As you can see, I use my
computer to speak for me.
When I was born, the
doctors told my parents
to put me in an institution.
I am lucky that my
parents did not do that,
or I might not have been
able to be here today.
This special bond
developed between Rick and I
when Rick was first born, and
we started doing everything
together, and I think the bond
just got stronger and stronger,
as Rick grew and got older.
Boston is the only
marathon in the world
where you have to run a certain
time, depending on your age.
They were using Rick's
age for us to qualify.
So that meant we had to run
under two hours and 50 minutes.
It was Rick that
got us into running.
And I wouldn't be running
today, if Rick didn't ask me to.
The Boston Marathon
is the one event that I
look forward to all year long.
It is definitely
my favorite race.
The people along the
way are the best.
They have such enthusiasm
that when my dad and I run by,
the adrenaline rush
is unbelievable.
Rick and I compete as a team.
I have no desire to go
out and run on my own.
I don't feel there isn't
anything that Rick and I
can't accomplish together.
Both Rick and Dick are such
an inspiration to this city,
competing in their
18th marathon,
together they have
proven that anything
is possible and achievable,
as long as you set mind to it.
Rick is the athlete.
And I'm just out there, loaning
him my arms and my legs,
so that he's able to
compete, like everybody else.
I am the body.
Rick is the hear.
And mobility is freedom.